In this lecture, we are going to configure the main engine X configuration file.
The process involves securing and optimizing the configuration settings in Engine X Dot SEO.
And if there is only one configuration file we will be working with in this lecture, and that is engine
X dot C seo in F, the absolute path to the file slash ATC slash engine X slash engine Eckstut Seo.
And if the commands we will be using in this lecture are as follows neno to open the file to determine
the number of c.p.u course ellis' c.p.u to determine the number of worker connections you limit.
Hyphen in.
There are two important engine X commands that you must make note of.
You will be using them frequently.
The first command is Sudo Ingenix hyphen t.
That command will test Syntex of your configuration file and if there is an error it will display the
error to you.
The next command is sudo system.
Ctrl, reload or restart.
Ingenix I recommend you always use reload.
The reload command will not drop connections to your server.
Restart, on the other hand, will drop connections.
So after you edit any engine X configuration file, you test the configuration using sudo engine X,
hyphen T to enable the changes that you have made.
Sudo sys ctrl reload.
Ingenix, I'm going to take you through the changes that you need to make to the engine x dot seo NFR.
Firstly, in the main context, worker processes is set to the number of CPU cause your server has.
We will be adding worker our limit no file to the main context.
This will help prevent the too many files open error that sometimes happens on busy sites.
In the events context, we will be modifying the worker connections multi accept and use EPOP.
The worker connections value specifies how many people can simultaneously be served by Ingenix by adding
the worker or limit no file director to the main context.
The Worker Connections Directive can be increased beyond the system defaults by enabling multi, except
it causes Engine X to immediately accept as many connections as it can.
People is recommended to increase throughput in the HTTP context.
They are quite a few directives we need to look at.
The server tokens directive enables or disables Engine X, displaying the version on error pages and
in the server response header field.
We will disable this to prevent information leakage to quickly process static sets of data such as server
names, engine X users, hash tables.
The size of a table is expressed in buckets.
We are going to enable the server names, hash packet size directive.
You have to log files and access log and an error log.
The access log file records, every single request made to your server on a busy site.
This can translate into huge resource demands if you don't need the access log file and for a huge performance
boost, disable the access log file.
The error log file must be kept as it's invaluable for troubleshooting by using GS of compression assets
that clients are requesting will be compressed, therefore smaller and faster to send.
We need to optimize the settings so as not to waste CPU cycles.
Please do not attempt to compress an asset that's already compressed.
JPEG files are already compressed and by attempting to compress them further, you will probably end
up with a larger file.
And you started with buffers, Tomaz and file handle caching.
I'm going to look at those three individually.
If the buffer sizes are too low, Engine X will read and write to disk constantly, thereby reducing
performance.
The following four directives will help with buffer sizes, the client body buffer size.
The directive handles the client buffer size when post actions are sent to Ingenix.
This is when forms are submitted.
The client header, buffer sites, the storage.
Have handles the client Hida sized client max body size.
The directive specifies the maximum allowed size for a client request.
If the size is exceeded, Engine X will display a request entity to large era large client hit buffers.
The directive specifies the maximum number and size of buffers.
For large client.
It is the purpose of a server.
Timeout is to prevent a device from endlessly waiting for a server to respond, the client body time
out and client head time out.
These two directors are responsible for how long the server will wait for a client or client header
to be sent after the request to keep a lifetime out.
This directive determines the time out for keep alive connections with the client.
The connection will close after this time period since.
But this directive sets a time out for transmitting a response to the client.
If the client does not receive anything within this time, the connection is closed on a network file
system.
Opening a file can be a source of delay.
Engine X can maintain a cache of open file descriptors for commonly served files, thereby avoiding
the delay.
The file handle cache does not cache the contents of a file, but rather the file descriptors.
When you open a file, the operating system creates an entry to store information about open file in
the file descriptor table.
Some of this information is the file size modification time file lookup errors.
What the Engine X File handle cache does.
It caches the file handles to frequently requested files, so this avoids the need for the operating
system to reopen them again.
The one downside is that Agent X takes a little while to react to any changes you have made to any files
in the settings we are going to use.
The inactive file descriptors will expire in twenty seconds and the recently used descriptors will be
revalidated every thirty seconds.
We are going to add these directives to Ingenix, but I recommend you only enable them once your WordPress
site is up and running.
The settings work perfectly on a production server with a stable file collection.
In this lecture, we looked at securing and optimizing the main engine X configuration file.